while weight loss drugs like OIC and
wovi are surging in popularity patients
could be losing more than just fat
scientist and author Dr John jish joins
us now to tell us about the risks of
losing muscle mass while on these weight
loss drugs thank you so much for joining
us how are you I'm fantastic thank you
for having me Alyssa of course I see
your uh couch and chair there nice and
clean so you must have a lot of good
habits uh let's talk about doctor the
problem with muscle loss while using
weight loss drugs are really the problem
with losing muscle
anyway right so muscle is your longevity
organ uh as we
age one of the primary reasons that we
are driven towards death earlier is
what's called Frailty they typically
just write it down as Frailty and what
it means is you don't have enough muscle
to place enough Demand on your organs so
that they function correctly so the
organs and musculature have a symbiotic
relationship and they need each other if
you lose
musculature uh you're you're you're
limiting your life and so you don't want
to do that and one of the challenges
with OIC is that people who take it it's
it's an appetite suppressant but it
suppresses your appetite for
everything and so if you don't get
enough protein you losing muscle and
it's something like 99% of people B
don't get nearly the amount of protein
they need to just replicate cells at at
uh you know the the potential rate and
so uh it ends up making people unhealthy
and they don't even know it wow I like
what you said there that muscle is the
longevity organ and most people I know
who are focused on weight loss they only
care about the number on the scale so k
can you talk about the importance of
really just ignoring what you see on the
scale and focusing more on having good
muscle mass versus weight
loss amazing comment you're absolutely
right yeah the number on the scale uh
doesn't really matter I I I think I'm
I'm almost 6'1 I weigh 240 lbs my
regular general practitioner who I keep
around really for comedic
reasons uh just cuz you know they they
the standard medicine has really been
missing the mark for decades and uh and
you know he tells me I'm OB beast and I
say yeah you can see you can see veins
in my abdominals I'm not obese I
promised uh and he laughs because he
understands I'm probably sort of an
anomaly in his practice but
what what we do um people are very
reactionary they're overweight okay I
need to take a medication for being
overweight what what I want to offer
your viewers today um is a very
alternate take on OIC so I'm going to
change your perspective on the entire
subject I'm going to make
everybody maybe more positive on it and
uh and really seeing how it can be
applied in a strategic way so can you
tell us in 30 seconds absolutely I need
you to change your diet people should
write this down change your diet to two
things and exclusively two things meat
and water and once you do that you have
created the biochemistry in your
metabolism this is a very powerful
machine that can change your hormones
and your hunger and when you eat only
meat and water you have the biochemistry
of somebody who is taking OIC without
any of the side effects and it's
free okay Dr John jaquish thank you so
much for joining us we really appreciate
it and uh we've got the info for his
social media handles on your screen
right now and we will be right back